Fix/CX-6670 file selector capture prop (#1512)
onfido/onfido-sdk-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md

Usage example: https://localhost:8080?faceVideo=true&language=de
Please refer to [this file](./src/demo/demoUtils.js) for more available options.

## WebSDK inside native or React Native apps

> To quickly verify a WebSDK hosted web application inside a native/React Native app, uses [React Native sample repo](https://github.com/onfido/onfido-sdk-web-sample-react-native)

Reviewer: Minor
```suggestion
To quickly verify a WebSDK hosted web application inside a native/React Native app, use the [React Native sample repo](https://github.com/onfido/onfido-sdk-web-sample-react-native)
```
